down here at a White Rock Lake like I
think it's like northeast Dallas
I'm going to try my luck see if I can't
catch something bashing these square
boats Hank bait water is kind of stained
usually I go a chartreuse but I'm going
to go ahead and throw this like a crawl
fish pattern because there's a little
bit of rocks and debris under here on
this bridge I'm going to try my luck and
see if I can't get me a few stay tuned
like comment subscribe make sure you
follow me on YouTube
excuse me follow me on instagram twitter
and like my facebook page stay tuned
peace our folks today I'm using the
square build crank bait I'm fishing a
white rock lake got my uncle and his
friend are out there kayaking fishing I
don't have my kayak with me so I decided
I just want to tag along fish from the
bank right now I'm fishing under the
bridge they got a lot of lay downs and a
lot of rocks so therefore I wanted to
throw a square build crank bait I'm
throwing the crawl fish pattern because
it's a variety color and it's stained
water so the bait will stick out more
the bass will be more inclined to see it
and more inclined to strike it the
reason I'm doing a crawfish pattern also
is because I'm fishing along a lot of
rocks I like to fish each side of the
pillar I like to criss cross different
angles I'll throw in between the pillars
along the pillars I'll throw over the
branches and come work over it I'll
throw a parallel to the bank I'll also
throw out to the deep and work my way in
shallow the reason I like square build
crankbait is because it deflects it's a
shallow running crankbait and it
deflects off rocks
when I say to flex off rocks this is
what I mean right here watch other was
going to come up that rock boom just
bounces off of it that doesn't really
get snagged it'll just bounce off rocks
and show you more time here I've come
along rocks
it'll just hit the rock and it'll just
bounce off won't won't really get
snagged and if you do get snagged you
just walk opposite direction of the bank
and it usually would come right off
going into opposite direction like I
said I'd like to throw a parallel to the
bank because it's shallow running
crankbait and it's just going to deflect
off these these rocks and when it
deflects off is usually when you get a
bite or a strike from these bass that
deflection it'll trigger that that a
reaction bike but as you saw that bait
right there this is coming from the deep
I'm gonna show you on this big rock one
more time as it comes from as it's
coming it along it'll just bounce off
rocks bounce off debris it doesn't
really get snagged too much it just
bounces off folks that's what you want
you want to have that deflection will
cause a reaction bite from that fish
hope that's helpful little tip
stay tuned thanks for watching and here
we go trying to catch some fish be off
paired on
I came on man
as one good one one book appeared is ya
there oh dear did maybe come here sucker
yeah that's a good one yeah haha
there is folks square bill crankbait
square bills are various focalin that
pass and go away
there goes Oh
nice sweet there it is
here is good one all the fancy they're
done his folks
pass them 200
little bit yeah White Rock Lee
they're one
nice number three for the day chill
chill chill
this on your body ah
a bit
three for the date his books sweet
little guy
yeah they're sweet